What about Miss Qin?
Don't worry, junior brother
Miss Qin's life is not in danger
Your life is in danger
The request you said
Owen is on his way
Just listen to pride
It's so pitiful that you run away
Just held Owen back for so long
Then you flatter your mercenaries too much.
Owen is dead
That's not possible.
How could you possibly be his opponent?
Wang Wen body weapon
Is he really dead?
Guo Yangmo, you are out of tricks
But I still miss you
Or I'll give you some time to think about it
What's wrong?
Haha, are you procrastinating?
Call Admiral Jiuchao
Send troops
A female
Is it his junior brother?
This is really something you get by messing around with flowers
machine
It seems that you go around flirting with women for nothing
Haha.
No, I didn't think of it.
Nanako will be the game changer.
He told me he was going to seek revenge on the Lord
But I didn't expect to move so fast
It's not what you said about Nanako.
Just that stupid woman
Ouyang Mo, your joy has arrived.
Make a fuss about my father's death
You have to pay.